Why is processing a sorted array faster than processing an unsorted array? Here is a piece of C++ code that shows some very peculiar behavior. For some strange reason, sorting the data miraculously makes the code almost six times faster: #include <algorithm> #include &...,How do I undo the most recent local commits in Git? I accidentally committed the wrong files to Git, but didn't push the commit to the server yet. How can I undo those commits from the local repository? The only way seems to be to copy the edits in ...,How do I delete a Git branch locally and remotely? I want to delete a branch both locally and remotely. Failed Attempts to Delete a Remote Branch $ git branch -d remotes/origin/bugfix error: branch 'remotes/origin/bugfix' not found. $ git branch -d ...,What is the difference between 'git pull' and 'git fetch'? What are the differences between git pull and git fetch?,What does the “yield” keyword do? What is the use of the yield keyword in Python? What does it do? For example, I'm trying to understand this code1: def _get_child_candidates(self, distance, min_dist, max_dist): if self._leftchild ...,What is the correct JSON content type? I've been messing around with JSON for some time, just pushing it out as text and it hasn't hurt anybody (that I know of), but I'd like to start doing things properly. I have seen so many purported "...,How do I undo 'git add' before commit? I mistakenly added files to Git using the command: git add myfile.txt I have not yet run git commit. Is there a way to undo this, so these files won't be included in the commit?,How can I remove a specific item from an array? I have an array of numbers and I'm using the .push() method to add elements to it. Is there a simple way to remove a specific element from an array? I'm looking for the equivalent of something like: ...,How do I rename a local Git branch? I don't want to rename a remote branch, as described in Rename master branch for both local and remote Git repositories. How can I rename a local branch which hasn't been pushed to a remote branch? ...,What is the “-->” operator in C/C++? After reading Hidden Features and Dark Corners of C++/STL on comp.lang.c++.moderated, I was completely surprised that the following snippet compiled and worked in both Visual Studio 2008 and G++ 4.4. ...,What and where are the stack and heap? Programming language books explain that value types are created on the stack, and reference types are created on the heap, without explaining what these two things are. I haven't read a clear ...,Can comments be used in JSON? Can I use comments inside a JSON file? If so, how?,Why does HTML think “chucknorris” is a color? Why do certain random strings produce colors when entered as background colors in HTML? For example: <body bgcolor="chucknorris"> test </body> ...produces a document with a red ...,How do I check if an element is hidden in jQuery? Is it possible to toggle the visibility of an element, using the functions .hide(), .show() or .toggle()? How would you test if an element is visible or hidden?,How do I force “git pull” to overwrite local files? How do I force an overwrite of local files on a git pull? The scenario is the following: A team member is modifying the templates for a website we are working on They are adding some images to the ...,What does “use strict” do in JavaScript, and what is the reasoning behind it? Recently, I ran some of my JavaScript code through Crockford's JSLint, and it gave the following error: Problem at line 1 character 1: Missing "use strict" statement. Doing some searching, I ...,How do I redirect to another webpage? How can I redirect the user from one page to another using jQuery or pure JavaScript?,How to modify existing, unpushed commit messages? I wrote the wrong thing in a commit message. How can I change the message? The commit has not been pushed yet.,How do JavaScript closures work? How would you explain JavaScript closures to someone with a knowledge of the concepts they consist of (for example functions, variables and the like), but does not understand closures themselves? I ...,How do I revert a Git repository to a previous commit? How do I revert from my current state to a snapshot made on a certain commit? If I do git log, then I get the following output: $ git log commit a867b4af366350be2e7c21b8de9cc6504678a61b` Author: Me &...,How to check whether a string contains a substring in JavaScript? Usually I would expect a String.contains() method, but there doesn't seem to be one. What is a reasonable way to check for this?,How do I check out a remote Git branch? Somebody pushed a branch called test with git push origin test to a shared repository. I can see the branch with git branch -r. Now I'm trying to check out the remote test branch. I've tried: git ...,How to remove local (untracked) files from the current Git working tree How do you delete untracked local files from your current working tree?,var functionName = function() {} vs function functionName() {} I've recently started maintaining someone else's JavaScript code. I'm fixing bugs, adding features and also trying to tidy up the code and make it more consistent. The previous developer used two ...,Why is subtracting these two times (in 1927) giving a strange result? If I run the following program, which parses two date strings referencing times 1 second apart and compares them: public static void main(String[] args) throws ParseException { SimpleDateFormat sf ...,Is Java “pass-by-reference” or “pass-by-value”? I always thought Java uses pass-by-reference. However, I've seen a couple of blog posts (for example, this blog) that claim that it isn't (the blog post says that Java uses pass-by-value). I don't ...,What is the difference between String and string in C#? Example (note the case): string s = "Hello world!"; String s = "Hello world!"; What are the guidelines for the use of each? And what are the differences?,What does if __name__ == “__main__”: do? Given the following code, what does the if __name__ == "__main__": do? # Threading example import time, thread def myfunction(string, sleeptime, lock, *args): while True: lock.acquire() ...,Does Python have a ternary conditional operator? If Python does not have a ternary conditional operator, is it possible to simulate one using other language constructs?,How do I remove a property from a JavaScript object? Say I create an object as follows: let myObject = { "ircEvent": "PRIVMSG", "method": "newURI", "regex": "^http://.*" }; How should I ...,How to make Git “forget” about a file that was tracked but is now in .gitignore? There is a file that was being tracked by git, but now the file is on the .gitignore list. However, that file keeps showing up in git status after it's edited. How do you force git to completely ...,What are metaclasses in Python? In Python, what are metaclasses and what do we use them for?,How do I check whether a file exists without exceptions? How do I check whether a file exists or not, without using the try statement?,How do I find all files containing specific text on Linux? I'm trying to find a way to scan my entire Linux system for all files containing a specific string of text. Just to clarify, I'm looking for text within the file, not in the file name. When I was ...,What is the difference between “px”, “dip”, “dp” and “sp”? What is the difference between Android units of measure? px dip dp sp,How to return the response from an asynchronous call I have a function foo which makes an asynchronous request. How can I return the response/result from foo? I am trying to return the value from the callback, as well as assigning the result to a local ...,How do I merge two dictionaries in a single expression (taking union of dictionaries)? I have two Python dictionaries, and I want to write a single expression that returns these two dictionaries, merged (i.e. taking the union). The update() method would be what I need, if it returned ...,What is the difference between POST and PUT in HTTP? According to RFC 2616, § 9.5, POST is used to create a resource: The POST method is used to request that the origin server accept the entity enclosed in the request as a new subordinate of the ...,How do I include a JavaScript file in another JavaScript file? Is there something in JavaScript similar to @import in CSS that allows you to include a JavaScript file inside another JavaScript file?,Which equals operator (== vs ===) should be used in JavaScript comparisons? I'm using JSLint to go through JavaScript, and it's returning many suggestions to replace == (two equals signs) with === (three equals signs) when doing things like comparing idSele_UNVEHtype.value....,How to disable text selection highlighting For anchors that act like buttons (for example Questions, Tags, Users, etc. which are located on the top of the Stack Overflow page) or tabs, is there a CSS standard way to disable the highlighting ...,Move the most recent commit(s) to a new branch with Git I'd like to move the last several commits I've committed to master to a new branch and take master back to before those commits were made. Unfortunately, my Git-fu is not strong enough yet, any help? ...,The definitive guide to form-based website authentication [closed] Form-based authentication for websites We believe that Stack Overflow should not just be a resource for very specific technical questions, but also for general guidelines on how to solve ...,How can I get the source directory of a Bash script from within the script itself? How do I get the path of the directory in which a Bash script is located, inside that script? I want to use a Bash script as a launcher for another application. I want to change the working directory ...,How to execute a program or call a system command? How do you call an external command (as if I'd typed it at the Unix shell or Windows command prompt) from within a Python script?,How do I discard unstaged changes in Git? How do I discard changes in my working copy that are not in the index?,What's the difference between using “let” and “var”? ECMAScript 6 introduced the let statement. I've heard that it's described as a local variable, but I'm still not quite sure how it behaves differently than the var keyword. What are the differences?. ...,What is the maximum length of a URL in different browsers? What is the maximum length of a URL in different browsers? Does it differ among browsers? Is a maximum URL length part of the HTTP specification?,What is the most efficient way to deep clone an object in JavaScript? What is the most efficient way to clone a JavaScript object? I've seen obj = eval(uneval(o)); being used, but that's non-standard and only supported by Firefox. I've done things like obj = JSON.parse(...,What is a plain English explanation of “Big O” notation? I'd prefer as little formal definition as possible and simple mathematics.For-each over an array in JavaScript How can I loop through all the entries in an array using JavaScript? I thought it was something like this: forEach(instance in theArray) Where theArray is my array, but this seems to be incorrect.,How to resolve merge conflicts in a Git repository I want to resolve merge conflicts in my Git repository. How can I do that?,How can I reset or revert a file to a specific revision? I have made some changes to a file which has been committed a few times as part of a group of files, but now want to reset/revert the changes on it back to a previous version. I have done a git log ...,What is the difference between “INNER JOIN” and “OUTER JOIN”? Also how do LEFT JOIN, RIGHT JOIN and FULL JOIN fit in?,How to validate an email address in JavaScript Is there a regular expression to validate an email address in JavaScript?,How to replace all occurrences of a string in JavaScript I have this string in my JavaScript code: "Test abc test test abc test test test abc test test abc" Doing: str = str.replace('abc', ''); Seems to only remove the first occurrence of abc in ...,How do I check whether a checkbox is checked in jQuery? I need to check the checked property of a checkbox and perform an action based on the checked property using jQuery. For example, if the age checkbox is checked, then I need to show a textbox to enter ...,How do I push a new local branch to a remote Git repository and track it too? I want to be able to do the following: Create a local branch based on some other (remote or local) branch (via git branch or git checkout -b) Push the local branch to the remote repository (publish),...,How can I safely create a nested directory in Python? What is the most elegant way to check if the directory a file is going to be written to exists, and if not, create the directory using Python? Here is what I tried: import os file_path = "/my/...,Reference — What does this symbol mean in PHP? What is this? This is a collection of questions that come up every now and then about syntax in PHP. This is also a Community Wiki, so everyone is invited to participate in maintaining this list. Why ...,How to pass “Null” (a real surname!) to a SOAP web service in ActionScript 3 We have an employee whose surname is Null. Our employee lookup application is killed when that last name is used as the search term (which happens to be quite often now). The error received (thanks ...,Regular expression to match a line that doesn't contain a word I know it's possible to match a word and then reverse the matches using other tools (e.g. grep -v). However, is it possible to match lines that do not contain a specific word, e.g. hede, using a ...,How can I add an empty directory to a Git repository? How can I add an empty directory (that contains no files) to a Git repository?,How to horizontally center an element How can I horizontally center a <div> within another <div> using CSS? <div id="outer"> <div id="inner">Foo foo</div> </div>,How to create a GUID / UUID I'm trying to create globally-unique identifiers in JavaScript. I'm not sure what routines are available on all browsers, how "random" and seeded the built-in random number generator is, ...,How to change the URI (URL) for a remote Git repository? I have a repo (origin) on a USB key that I cloned on my hard drive (local). I moved "origin" to a NAS and successfully tested cloning it from here. I would like to know if I can change the URI of "...,What is the difference between a URI, a URL and a URN? People talk about URLs, URIs, and URNs as if they're different things, but they look the same to the naked eye. What are the distinguishable differences between them?,How can I determine the URL that a local Git repository was originally cloned from? I pulled a project from GitHub a few days ago. I've since discovered that there are several forks on GitHub, and I neglected to note which one I took originally. How can I determine which of those ...,“Thinking in AngularJS” if I have a jQuery background? [closed] Suppose I'm familiar with developing client-side applications in jQuery, but now I'd like to start using AngularJS. Can you describe the paradigm shift that is necessary? Here are a few questions that ...,Reset local repository branch to be just like remote repository HEAD How do I reset my local branch to be just like the branch on the remote repository? I did: git reset --hard HEAD But when I run a git status, On branch master Changes to be committed: (use "git ...,How to clone all remote branches in Git? I have a master and a development branch, both pushed to GitHub. I've cloned, pulled, and fetched, but I remain unable to get anything other than the master branch back. I'm sure I'm missing ...,How do I check if an array includes a value in JavaScript? What is the most concise and efficient way to find out if a JavaScript array contains a value? This is the only way I know to do it: function contains(a, obj) { for (var i = 0; i < a.length; i++...,How do I read / convert an InputStream into a String in Java? If you have a java.io.InputStream object, how should you process that object and produce a String? Suppose I have an InputStream that contains text data, and I want to convert it to a String, so for ...,How do I exit the Vim editor? I'm stuck and cannot escape. It says: "type :quit<Enter> to quit VIM" But when I type that it simply appears in the object body.,Setting “checked” for a checkbox with jQuery I'd like to do something like this to tick a checkbox using jQuery: $(".myCheckBox").checked(true); or $(".myCheckBox").selected(true); Does such a thing exist?,How do you get a timestamp in JavaScript? Something similar to Unix's timestamp, that is a single number that represents the current time and date. Either as a number or a string.,Undo a Git merge that hasn't been pushed yet Within my master branch, I did a git merge some-other-branch locally, but never pushed the changes to origin master. I didn't mean to merge, so I'd like to undo it. When doing a git status after my ...,Why does Google prepend while(1); to their JSON responses? Why does Google prepend while(1); to their (private) JSON responses? For example, here's a response while turning a calendar on and off in Google Calendar: while (1); [ ['u', [ ['smsSentFlag', ...,The Definitive C++ Book Guide and List This question attempts to collect the few pearls among the dozens of bad C++ books that are published every year. Unlike many other programming languages, which are often picked up on the go from ...,Which “href” value should I use for JavaScript links, “#” or “javascript:void(0)”? The following are two methods of building a link that has the sole purpose of running JavaScript code. Which is better, in terms of functionality, page load speed, validation purposes, etc.? ...,How do I make the first letter of a string uppercase in JavaScript? How do I make the first letter of a string uppercase, but not change the case of any of the other letters? For example: "this is a test" → "This is a test" "the Eiffel Tower&...,How do I update or sync a forked repository on GitHub? I forked a project, applied several fixes and created a pull request which was accepted. A few days later, another change was made by another contributor. So my fork doesn't contain that change. How ...,Avoiding NullPointerException in Java I use object != null a lot to avoid NullPointerException. What is an alternative to: if (someobject != null) { someobject.doCalc(); },Accessing the index in 'for' loops? How do I access the index in a for loop like the following? ints = [8, 23, 45, 12, 78] for i in ints: print('item #{} = {}'.format(???, i)) I want to get this output: item #1 = 8 item #2 = 23 ...,Squash my last X commits together using Git How can I squash my last X commits together into one commit using Git?,How to make a flat list out of a list of lists? Is there a shortcut to make a simple list out of a list of lists in Python? I can do it in a for loop, but maybe there is some cool "one-liner"? I tried it with functools.reduce() from ...,Change a HTML5 input's placeholder color with CSS Chrome supports the placeholder attribute on input[type=text] elements (others probably do too). But the following CSS doesn't do anything to the placeholder's value: input[placeholder], [...,What exactly is RESTful programming? What exactly is RESTful programming?,How do you close/hide the Android soft keyboard programmatically? I have an EditText and a Button in my layout. After writing in the edit field and clicking on the Button, I want to hide the virtual keyboard when touching outside the keyboard. I assume that this is ...,How to enumerate an enum How can you enumerate an enum in C#? E.g. the following code does not compile: public enum Suit { Spades, Hearts, Clubs, Diamonds } public void EnumerateAllSuitsDemoMethod() { ...,How can I pair socks from a pile efficiently? Yesterday I was pairing the socks from the clean laundry and figured out the way I was doing it is not very efficient. I was doing a naive search — picking one sock and "iterating" the pile in ...,Difference between staticmethod and classmethod What is the difference between a function decorated with @staticmethod and one decorated with @classmethod?,How can I check if a directory exists in a Bash shell script? What command can be used to check if a directory exists or not, within a Bash shell script?,How is Docker different from a virtual machine? I keep rereading the Docker documentation to try to understand the difference between Docker and a full VM. How does it manage to provide a full filesystem, isolated networking environment, etc. ...,What's the difference between tilde(~) and caret(^) in package.json? After I upgraded to the latest stable node and npm, I tried npm install moment --save. It saves the entry in the package.json with the caret ^ prefix. Previously, it was a tilde ~ prefix. Why are ...,What are the differences between a HashMap and a Hashtable in Java? What are the differences between a HashMap and a Hashtable in Java? Which is more efficient for non-threaded applications?,How do I UPDATE from a SELECT in SQL Server? In SQL Server, it is possible to insert rows into a table with an INSERT.. SELECT statement: INSERT INTO Table (col1, col2, col3) SELECT col1, col2, col3 FROM other_table WHERE sql = 'cool' Is it ...,How to delete a remote tag? How do you delete a Git tag that has already been pushed?,Understanding slice notation I need a good explanation (references are a plus) on Python's slice notation. To me, this notation needs a bit of picking up. It looks extremely powerful, but I haven't quite got my head around it....,How do I remove a submodule? How do I remove a Git submodule? By the way, is there a reason I can't simply do git submodule rm whatever ?